๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ play. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
200+ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ:  tryray.app
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
rodney_mckay
!Qsubs ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
Www. Qsubs. Net
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
# ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ #
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 1957-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
".๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 58
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 1945
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 80
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ' ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2.5 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ' ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. -๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ? ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
!๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
".๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 7 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 8
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ' ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
?'๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
:๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
rodney_mckay
!Qsubs ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
Www. Qsubs. Net
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm